Community Calendar blog post (#513)
ipfs/ipfs-blog: src/_blog/2022-12-community-calendar.md

---
title: Announcing the New IPFS Community Calendar

> description: 'Check out the new IPFS community calendar where you can participate and contribute to one of the many working groups advancing IPFS.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Check out the new IPFS community calendar where you can you can discover and register for IPFS community events, working group meetings, and more.'
```
equal emphasis on newer & more integrated/WG communities

author: Daniel Norman
date: 2022-12-15
permalink: '/2022-12-ipfs-community-calendar/'
header_image: '/ipfs-calendar/ipfs-calendar-cover.png'
tags:
  - 'community'
  - 'calendar'
  - 'working groups'
---

## The IPFS community is growing

Over the last several years, the number of contributors, companies, and working groups advancing IPFS through specs, developer tooling, and implementations has grown significantly.

This reflects an important shift for the IPFS project — **IPFS is now driven by a thriving community** from all corners of the world.

This shift is evident on several fronts: the sheer number number of working groups regularly meeting, the scope and breadth of new projects (expanding IPFS into compute with [[Bacalhau](https://www.bacalhau.org/)), and activity in the [IPFS specifications repo](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/) which has spiked in the last year.

![Contributions to the IPFS Specs](../assets/ipfs-calendar/ipfs-specs-github-contributors.png)

## The New IPFS Community Calendar

Today, we're excited to share the new [IPFS Community Calendar](https://lu.ma/ipfs) as a hub for all IPFS community events — both offline and online.

> The new calendar should better serve both newcomers navigating their journey into the IPFS community, and longstanding members becoming aware of other working groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new calendar should better serve both newcomers navigating their journey into the IPFS community, and longstanding members becoming aware of other working groups.
```

This overlaps a bit with line 39 and is a bit tricky to parse for newcomers. Maybe remove altogether?

We created this for you and are keen to have you join us.

🗓 Subscribe to the calendar to be informed about any new events added to the calendar
🗳 Register for specific events (and event series for recurring events) in the calendar
🎫 If you're organising a meetup or event related to IPFS, submit it for inclusion using the "Submit Event" button on [the calendar](https://lu.ma/ipfs). Once submitted we'll review it and publish it (assuming it's relevant.)

## Events for everyone

IPFS has many facets as a modular suite of distributed protocols for representing, routing, and transferring content-addressed data. The versatility of IPFS attracts many group such as application developers, low-level protocol developers, service providers, and artists and creatives.

The community calendar should serve as the event hub for all these different groups. We already have events covering a wide spectrum of levels and areas of interest:

> - [InterPlantary Office Hours](https://lu.ma/IP-Office-Hours)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [InterPlantary Office Hours](https://lu.ma/IP-Office-Hours) - a weekly meetup open to all, where you can bring your IPFS questions and meet others
```

feel free to edit the specifics, but let's add a short blurb about each to invite engagement

- [ProbeLab Office Hours](TODO)
- [IPFS Implementers Sync](https://lu.ma/ipfs-implementers)
- [Move the Bytes Working Group](https://lu.ma/8kk9i628)
- [IPFS Content Routing Working Group](https://lu.ma/ipfs-routing-wg)
- [Compute over Data (COD) Working Group](TODO)

> - [IPVM Community Call](https://lu.ma/ipvm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IPVM Community Call](https://lu.ma/ipvm) - focused on implementers in the effort to add content-addressed computation to IPFS
```

- [IPFS Thing 2023](https://lu.ma/ipfsthing-preregistration)

> We couldn't be more excited to welcome you to join the IPFS events of your interest! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We couldn't be more excited to welcome you to join the IPFS events that interest you! 
```

> If you're interested in hosting an event — feel free to submit it for inclusion or [reach out to us](mailto:devrel@ipfs.tech) with any questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in hosting an event, feel free to submit it for inclusion or [reach out to us](mailto:devrel@ipfs.tech) with any questions.
```
